
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000111                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   110955500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  110955500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 120250                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   120250                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12800201                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 288992                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     1042358                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1042358                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            22784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst              640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst             4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst              448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                42176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        22784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           28480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst                10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                 7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   659                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           205343584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            96903714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst             5768078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             7498502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst            41530163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data            11536156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst             4037655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             7498502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               380116353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      205343584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        5768078                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       41530163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        4037655                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          256679480                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst          205343584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           96903714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst            5768078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            7498502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst           41530163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data           11536156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst            4037655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            7498502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              380116353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           660                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                         660                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                    42240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                     42240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             77                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                 115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                  39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                  29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                  60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                  65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                  27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                  18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                  24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                   7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                  28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                 60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                 38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                       110927500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     660                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples           89                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      285.483146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     186.878201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     280.642368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127             28     31.46%     31.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255           26     29.21%     60.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383           13     14.61%     75.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511            5      5.62%     80.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      5.62%     86.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      3.37%     89.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      2.25%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      1.12%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      6.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total             89                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        3793500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  17983500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                      3300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                    10890000                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                        5747.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    16500.00                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  27247.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         380.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      380.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       2.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.21                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                        505                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   76.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       168071.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      76.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               9.12                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.membus.throughput                    380116353                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 529                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                528                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              287                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              77                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port         1715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port        42176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total               42176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                  42176                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              925000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            6291924                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  417.123879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                       1443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                      526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     2.743346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       0.799384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      285.051208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       58.412458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        7.037952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data        0.694517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       55.368542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data        5.407900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        3.619836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data        0.732082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.004350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.000891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.000107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.000845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst       0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data       0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.006365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          526                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.008026                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                    18244                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                   18244                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst                229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data                 11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data                  5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data                 11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                   1443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks               1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                    1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    1443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                229                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                413                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                349                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                420                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   1443                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data               74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst               76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data                7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst               10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                  543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                77                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             94                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data                20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              359                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              168                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               76                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data               20                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  674                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24538000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      1134000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        74500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5318500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       495250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       658250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        74500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       37905000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6786000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       852250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1087000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       978750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9704000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24538000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      1134000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data       926750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5318500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1582250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       658250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1053250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total        47609000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24538000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      1134000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data       926750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5318500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1582250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       658250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1053250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total       47609000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data             79                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst            428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data             12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst            425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data             12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst            430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data             12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total               1986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total                1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                2117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               2117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.610544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.936709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.035047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.178824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.023256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.273414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.880000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.962500                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.610544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.971098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.035047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.178824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.023256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.318375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.610544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.971098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.035047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.178824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.023256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.318375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68350.974930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75837.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        75600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        74500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 69980.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        70750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        65825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        74500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69806.629834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72191.489362                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71020.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 83615.384615                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 81562.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74076.335878                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68350.974930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73797.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        75600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71288.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 69980.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79112.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        65825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 81019.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70636.498516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68350.974930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73797.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        75600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71288.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 69980.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79112.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        65825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 81019.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70636.498516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total              660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total             660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19975750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4701500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       711000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4193250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       408750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       431250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30546500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       220022                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       199518                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       160016                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       200020                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       779576                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5616500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       701750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       928000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       828750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8075000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19975750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       711000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       764250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4193250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1336750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       431250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       891250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38621500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19975750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       711000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       764250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4193250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1336750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       431250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       891250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38621500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.607143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.936709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.023364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.169412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.016279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.880000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962500                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.607143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.023364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.169412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.016279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.311762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.607143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.023364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.169412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.016279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 55954.481793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63533.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        71100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 58239.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 58392.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 61607.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57743.856333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10500.947368                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10124.363636                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        59750                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58479.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 71384.615385                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 69062.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61641.221374                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 55954.481793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61416.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        71100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58788.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 58239.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66837.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 61607.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 68557.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58517.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 55954.481793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61416.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        71100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58788.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 58239.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66837.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 61607.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 68557.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58517.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.toL2Bus.throughput                  1688893295                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               2536                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2535                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             290                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            290                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              392                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             392                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                  5415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        37568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        11136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        27392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        27200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        27520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total             135488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus                135488                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus           51904                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            1624976                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2704748                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy           1464514                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy           1928496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy           1148249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy           1927493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy           1209236                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy           1936745                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy           1133252                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                  83023                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted            80825                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             1218                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups               80352                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                  78307                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.454948                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                    512                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               132                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                          221912                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             17233                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                        492726                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                      83023                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches             78819                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                       161746                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   3811                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles                 13929                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1512                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                     5835                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  493                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples            196870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.502799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.215097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                   35124     17.84%     17.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   80120     40.70%     58.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                     578      0.29%     58.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                     973      0.49%     59.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                     477      0.24%     59.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   76224     38.72%     98.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                     570      0.29%     98.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                     349      0.18%     98.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                    2455      1.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total              196870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.374126                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       2.220367                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                   17821                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles                15547                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   160777                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles                  280                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  2445                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts                489900                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  2445                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                   18476                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                    865                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14063                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   160426                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles                  595                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts                487057                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents                  216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands             333048                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups               971305                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups          733660                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps               320079                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   12969                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               866                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           886                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                     3628                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              155827                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              78749                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            76001                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           75817                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                    407304                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                910                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                   404579                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              133                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          10771                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         9747                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           351                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       196870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.055057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.097769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              34107     17.32%     17.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               4943      2.51%     19.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              77928     39.58%     59.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              77295     39.26%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               1579      0.80%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                650      0.33%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                264      0.13%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 87      0.04%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 17      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         196870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     57     25.68%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    53     23.87%     49.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  112     50.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               171055     42.28%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              155363     38.40%     80.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              78161     19.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total                404579                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.823151                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        222                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000549                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           1006383                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           419039                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       402754                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses                404801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           75529                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2198                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1428                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           15                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  2445                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                    405                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   36                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             484766                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              308                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               155827                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               78749                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               798                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    40                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           343                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1106                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                1449                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts               403510                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               155033                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1069                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                        76552                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      233092                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                   80162                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     78059                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.818333                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                        403084                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                       402754                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                   238663                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                   241120                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.814927                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.989810                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          12269                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            559                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             1218                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       194425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.430089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.136483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        34537     17.76%     17.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        79950     41.12%     58.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2378      1.22%     60.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          690      0.35%     60.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          530      0.27%     60.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        75328     38.74%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          457      0.24%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          248      0.13%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          307      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       194425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts              472470                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps                472470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        230950                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       153629                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                     79208                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                   318410                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                 223                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                  307                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                      677696                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                     971940                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            327                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          25042                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     396446                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                       396446                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total               396446                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.559753                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.559753                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.786501                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.786501                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                  721878                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                 325337                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                      192                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                 234915                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                   564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              297                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          241.280038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               5079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             8.652470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   241.280038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.471250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.471250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.566406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses             6422                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses            6422                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst         5079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           5079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst         5079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total            5079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst         5079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total           5079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          756                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          756                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35676245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35676245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35676245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     35676245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35676245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     35676245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         5835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         5835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total         5835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         5835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total         5835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.129563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.129563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.129563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.129563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.129563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.129563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47190.800265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47190.800265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47190.800265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47190.800265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47190.800265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47190.800265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          168                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          168                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27430752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27430752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27430752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27430752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27430752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27430752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 46650.938776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46650.938776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 46650.938776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46650.938776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 46650.938776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46650.938776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          142.009454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             155675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              170                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           915.735294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   142.009454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.277362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.277362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.328125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           627368                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          627368                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        79025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          79025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        76734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         76734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu0.data           21                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             21                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       155759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          155759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       155759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         155759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          545                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          545                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu0.data           21                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           21                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data          963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data          963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13454697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13454697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32621759                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32621759                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       404750                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       404750                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46076456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     46076456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46076456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     46076456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        79443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        79443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        77279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       156722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       156722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32188.270335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32188.270335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59856.438532                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59856.438532                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19273.809524                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19273.809524                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47846.787124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47846.787124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47846.787124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47846.787124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          524                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               20                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          600                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          600                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           21                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6237508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6237508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7264228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7264228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       361250                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       361250                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13501736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13501736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13501736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13501736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002265                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002265                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33178.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33178.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41509.874286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41509.874286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17202.380952                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17202.380952                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37194.865014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37194.865014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37194.865014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37194.865014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                  49230                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted            46482                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             1275                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups               43125                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                  42318                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            98.128696                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                    644                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               232                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.numCycles                          177729                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles             30707                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                        271510                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                      49230                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches             42962                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                        98061                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   3712                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles                 35852                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles         7757                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          775                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                    22354                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  259                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples            175517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.546916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.089154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                   77456     44.13%     44.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                   50516     28.78%     72.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                    7423      4.23%     77.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                    3189      1.82%     78.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                     704      0.40%     79.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                   30974     17.65%     97.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                    1193      0.68%     97.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                     759      0.43%     98.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                    3303      1.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total              175517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.276995                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.527663                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                   37188                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles                31008                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                    90874                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles                 6330                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  2360                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts                267842                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  2360                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                   37871                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                  18552                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles         11702                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                    84813                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles                12462                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts                265527                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                     1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents                   21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands             184379                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups               502490                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups          391665                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps               171551                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   12828                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts              1100                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1220                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                    15186                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads               73774                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores              34232                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads            35732                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores           29187                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                    218298                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7639                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                   221677                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               99                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          10737                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        10712                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           591                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       175517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.262994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.299330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              74868     42.66%     42.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              26303     14.99%     57.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              34475     19.64%     77.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              35103     20.00%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3248      1.85%     99.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1161      0.66%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                252      0.14%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 50      0.03%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 57      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         175517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     12      4.51%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      4.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    44     16.54%     21.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  210     78.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               108767     49.07%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               79372     35.81%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              33538     15.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                221677                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.247275                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        266                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001200                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            619236                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           236717                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       219849                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                221943                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           28929                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2394                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1444                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  2360                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                    686                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   42                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             262595                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              349                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                73774                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               34232                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1056                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    42                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           467                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          918                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                1385                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts               220501                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                72766                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                        36658                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                      106223                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                   45902                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                     33457                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.240659                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                        220134                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                       219849                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                   122957                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                   127616                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.236990                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.963492                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          12326                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           7048                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             1275                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       165400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.513005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.970213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        73929     44.70%     44.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        44053     26.63%     71.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6103      3.69%     75.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         7962      4.81%     79.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1564      0.95%     80.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29500     17.84%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          477      0.29%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1008      0.61%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          804      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       165400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts              250251                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                250251                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                        104168                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                        71380                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                       6331                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                     45080                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                   171367                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                  804                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                      426586                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                     527520                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            216                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                           2212                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                       44181                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     208053                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                       208053                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total               208053                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.854249                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.854249                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.170619                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.170619                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                  377223                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                 176309                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                 107781                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              318                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse           76.722565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              21879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            51.119159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    76.722565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.149849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.149849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.214844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses            22782                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses           22782                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst        21879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst        21879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           21879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst        21879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          21879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      7157495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7157495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      7157495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7157495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      7157495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7157495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        22354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        22354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst        22354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        22354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst        22354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        22354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.021249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.021249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.021249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15068.410526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15068.410526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15068.410526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15068.410526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15068.410526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15068.410526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           47                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           47                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5706004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5706004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5706004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5706004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5706004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5706004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13331.785047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13331.785047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13331.785047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13331.785047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13331.785047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13331.785047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           23.630187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              38790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1385.357143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    23.630187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.046153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.046153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.054688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           306681                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          306681                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        43485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          43485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        32585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         32585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu1.data           14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        76070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           76070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        76070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          76070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          132                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          132                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu1.data           57                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           57                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          468                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          468                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4179135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4179135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2763761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2763761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       521507                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       521507                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      6942896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      6942896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      6942896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      6942896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        43821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        43821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        32717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu1.data           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        76538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        76538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        76538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        76538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004035                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004035                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.802817                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.802817                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.006115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.006115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12437.901786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12437.901786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20937.583333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20937.583333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9149.245614                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9149.245614                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14835.247863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14835.247863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14835.247863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14835.247863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          208                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          208                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           57                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1078019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1078019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1313739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1313739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       407493                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       407493                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2391758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2391758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2391758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2391758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003118                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003118                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.802817                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.802817                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6822.905063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6822.905063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12879.794118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12879.794118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         7149                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7149                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9199.069231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9199.069231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9199.069231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9199.069231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                  47736                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted            45029                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             1300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups               41576                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                  40869                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            98.299500                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                    682                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               232                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                          177364                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles             30843                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                        263253                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                      47736                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches             41551                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                        94921                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   3824                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles                 35042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles         7755                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          807                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                    21784                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  264                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples            171818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.532162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.088026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                   76897     44.75%     44.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                   48842     28.43%     73.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                    7151      4.16%     77.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                    3183      1.85%     79.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                     686      0.40%     79.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                   29853     17.37%     96.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                    1160      0.68%     97.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                     777      0.45%     98.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                    3269      1.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total              171818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.269141                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.484253                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                   36742                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles                30807                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                    88098                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles                 5970                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  2446                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts                259780                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  2446                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                   37466                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                  17719                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles         12322                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                    82368                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles                11742                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts                257506                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents                   21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands             179566                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups               487666                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups          380584                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps               166435                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                   13131                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts              1114                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1238                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                    14439                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads               71199                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores              33061                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads            34327                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores           28016                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                    212074                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7370                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                   214906                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              106                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          11214                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11199                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           648                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       171818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.250777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.303706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              74494     43.36%     43.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              25338     14.75%     58.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              33284     19.37%     77.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              33913     19.74%     97.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3241      1.89%     99.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1161      0.68%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                274      0.16%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 56      0.03%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 57      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         171818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     17      6.18%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      6.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    48     17.45%     23.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  210     76.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               106166     49.40%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               76377     35.54%     84.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              32363     15.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                214906                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.211666                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        275                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001280                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            602011                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           230706                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       213087                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                215181                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           27728                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2543                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1469                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  2446                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                    917                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   52                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             254656                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                71199                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               33061                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1074                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    52                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          967                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                1425                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts               213756                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                70098                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1150                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        35212                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                      102378                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                   44395                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                     32280                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.205183                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                        213374                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                       213087                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                   119148                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                   123853                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.201411                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.962011                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          12898                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           6722                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             1300                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       161617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.495857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.966536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        73208     45.30%     45.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        42532     26.32%     71.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6095      3.77%     75.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         7628      4.72%     80.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1558      0.96%     81.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28303     17.51%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          470      0.29%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1001      0.62%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          822      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       161617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts              241756                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                241756                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                        100248                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                        68656                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                       6003                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                     43556                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                   165922                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                  822                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                      414862                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                     511759                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            225                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                           5546                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                       44546                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     201412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                       201412                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total               201412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.880603                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.880603                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.135586                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.135586                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                  365854                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes                 171387                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                 103940                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              317                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse           82.194037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs              21297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            50.110588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    82.194037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.160535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.160535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.210938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses            22209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses           22209                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst        21297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst        21297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total           21297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst        21297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total          21297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     11553239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11553239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     11553239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11553239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     11553239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11553239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        21784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst        21784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total        21784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst        21784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total        21784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.022356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.022356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.022356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 23723.283368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23723.283368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 23723.283368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23723.283368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 23723.283368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23723.283368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           85                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           85                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      9258007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9258007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      9258007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9258007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      9258007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9258007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.019510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.019510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.019510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21783.545882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21783.545882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21783.545882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21783.545882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21783.545882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21783.545882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           26.156826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs              37738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1301.310345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    26.156826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.051088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.051088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.056641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           296038                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          296038                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        42011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          42011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        31379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         31379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu2.data           14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        73390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           73390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        73390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          73390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          140                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          140                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu2.data           59                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           59                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      5441573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5441573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3139010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3139010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       574505                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       574505                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      8580583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      8580583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      8580583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      8580583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        42353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        42353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        31519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu2.data           73                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           73                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        73872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        73872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.008075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004442                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004442                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.808219                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.808219                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.006525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.006525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15911.032164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15911.032164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 22421.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22421.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9737.372881                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9737.372881                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17802.039419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17802.039419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17802.039419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17802.039419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           59                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           59                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1516779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1516779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1527990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1527990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       456495                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       456495                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3044769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3044769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3044769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3044769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003363                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003363                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.808219                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808219                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9192.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9192.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        14415                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14415                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  7737.203390                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7737.203390                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11235.309963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11235.309963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11235.309963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11235.309963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                  53969                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted            51237                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             1265                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups               47879                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                  47122                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct            98.418931                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                    645                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               232                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.numCycles                          177018                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles             27849                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                        302683                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                      53969                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches             47767                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                       106238                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   3643                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.BlockedCycles                 30687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles         7755                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          799                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                    19589                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  266                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples            175633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.723383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.153093                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                   69395     39.51%     39.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                   53961     30.72%     70.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                    6037      3.44%     73.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                    3206      1.83%     75.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                     696      0.40%     75.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                   37090     21.12%     97.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                    1217      0.69%     97.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                     754      0.43%     98.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                    3277      1.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total              175633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.304879                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.709900                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                   32991                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles                27180                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                   100358                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles                 5049                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  2300                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts                299127                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  2300                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                   33666                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                  14636                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles         11796                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                    95593                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles                 9887                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts                297010                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                     4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LSQFullEvents                   23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands             207704                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups               570857                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups          442944                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps               195081                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   12623                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts              1101                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                    12502                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads               84726                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores              40382                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads            40460                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores           35337                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                    246420                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6261                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                   248749                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               57                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          10413                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         9956                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           566                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       175633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.416300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.309117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              66575     37.91%     37.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              22292     12.69%     50.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              40685     23.16%     73.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              41298     23.51%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3252      1.85%     99.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1166      0.66%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                259      0.15%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 47      0.03%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 59      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         175633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     17      6.46%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      6.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    36     13.69%     20.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  210     79.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               119915     48.21%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               89111     35.82%     84.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              39723     15.97%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                248749                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.405219                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        263                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001057                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            673451                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           263132                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       246950                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                249012                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           35153                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2247                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1385                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  2300                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                    645                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   39                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             294144                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              354                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                84726                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               40382                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1060                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    38                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           459                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          919                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                1378                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts               247595                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                83855                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1154                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                        41463                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                      123509                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                   50804                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                     39654                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.398700                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                        247239                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                       246950                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                   140249                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                   144916                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.395056                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.967795                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          11951                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           5695                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             1265                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       165578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.704170                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.038930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        64386     38.89%     38.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        48906     29.54%     68.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6087      3.68%     72.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         6642      4.01%     76.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1574      0.95%     77.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        35662     21.54%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          504      0.30%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          999      0.60%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          818      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       165578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts              282173                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                282173                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                        121476                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                        82479                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                       4985                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                     49947                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                   193548                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                  818                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                      458297                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                     590554                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            210                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                           1385                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                       44892                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     236447                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                       236447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.committedInsts_total               236447                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.748658                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.748658                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              1.335723                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        1.335723                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads                  429146                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes                 199911                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                 125103                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              319                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse           80.480006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              19114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            44.451163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    80.480006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.157188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.157188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.216797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            20019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           20019                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst        19114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          19114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst        19114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           19114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst        19114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          19114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6525745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6525745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6525745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6525745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6525745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6525745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        19589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        19589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst        19589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        19589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst        19589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        19589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.024248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.024248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.024248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13738.410526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13738.410526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13738.410526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13738.410526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13738.410526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13738.410526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5298255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5298255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5298255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5298255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5298255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5298255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.021951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.021951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.021951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12321.523256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12321.523256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12321.523256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12321.523256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12321.523256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12321.523256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           24.751493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              44991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1606.821429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    24.751493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.048343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.048343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.054688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           350966                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          350966                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        48333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          48333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        38794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         38794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu3.data           12                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             12                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        87127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           87127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        87127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          87127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          139                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu3.data           52                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           52                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4639136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4639136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3479012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3479012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       512008                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       512008                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      8118148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      8118148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      8118148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      8118148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        48684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        48684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        38933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu3.data           64                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           64                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        87617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        87617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        87617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        87617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.007210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003570                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003570                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.812500                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.812500                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13216.911681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13216.911681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 25028.863309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25028.863309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9846.307692                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9846.307692                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16567.648980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16567.648980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16567.648980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16567.648980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           52                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1051018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1051018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1439238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1439238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       407992                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       407992                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2490256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2490256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2490256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2490256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.812500                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.812500                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6824.792208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6824.792208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13577.716981                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13577.716981                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data         7846                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7846                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9577.907692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9577.907692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9577.907692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9577.907692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
