
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.629695                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2629694709500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2629694709500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 422902                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   538135                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            18468797106                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 466428                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   142.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60215255                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      76622777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    124256256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           291720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4684888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           412356                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4375828                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            134021240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       291720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       412356                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          704076                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3689664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1522876                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       1493404                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6705944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15532032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             10770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             73237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              6459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             68407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15690908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           57651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           380719                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           373351                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               811721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47251210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            49                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              110933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1781533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            24                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              156808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1664006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                50964562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         110933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         156808                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             267741                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1403077                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             579108                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data             567900                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2550085                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1403077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47251210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           49                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             110933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            2360641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           24                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             156808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            2231906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               53514647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15690908                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       811721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                    15690908                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     811721                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM               1004216192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   6737024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 134021240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                6705944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                  706455                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           4517                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              980391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              980206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              980218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              980431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              986950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              980708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              980610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              980421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              980615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              980431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             979815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             979558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             980154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             980093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             980167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             980110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                6645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                6506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                6513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                6643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                6904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               6221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               6513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               6297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               6516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               6525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2629690290000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    6718                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15532032                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  152158                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754070                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  57651                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1128915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    971082                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    971066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                    973046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                    971647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                    972454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2865167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                   2865325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                   3808659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     25323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    23577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    23920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    23318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    22983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    22230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                    22150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     4387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     4357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     5258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     4449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     4419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     5254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     4320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     4318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     4276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     4193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                     1201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                     1180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                     1181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                     1179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                     1168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                     1167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                     1166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                     1165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                     1166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                     1164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                     1164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                     1164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                     1164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                     1164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                     1163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                     1163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                     1157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                     1152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                     1147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                     1146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                     1145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       990183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1014.719065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean    1002.794597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev      86.877825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127           3622      0.37%      0.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3291      0.33%      0.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1715      0.17%      0.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1178      0.12%      0.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639          920      0.09%      1.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          703      0.07%      1.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          532      0.05%      1.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          420      0.04%      1.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       977802     98.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         990183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          4537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean      3458.425832                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    54557.622307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535          4511     99.43%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607            8      0.18%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            4      0.09%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            2      0.04%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::589824-655359            3      0.07%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            1      0.02%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            1      0.02%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            6      0.13%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1.37626e+06-1.44179e+06            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            4537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          4537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        23.201675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       21.361663                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        9.873768                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::1                   5      0.11%      0.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::2                   7      0.15%      0.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::3                   5      0.11%      0.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4                   2      0.04%      0.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::5                   2      0.04%      0.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::6                   4      0.09%      0.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::7                   6      0.13%      0.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8                   3      0.07%      0.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::9                   3      0.07%      0.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::10                  3      0.07%      0.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::11                  3      0.07%      0.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12                  2      0.04%      0.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::13                  4      0.09%      1.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::14                  7      0.15%      1.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::15                 17      0.37%      1.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               1491     32.86%     34.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                339      7.47%     41.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                208      4.58%     46.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19               1050     23.14%     69.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                 16      0.35%     70.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                 12      0.26%     70.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                 20      0.44%     70.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::23                 24      0.53%     71.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24                 18      0.40%     71.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::25                 14      0.31%     71.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::26                 18      0.40%     72.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::27                 18      0.40%     72.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28                 19      0.42%     73.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::29                 13      0.29%     73.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::30                 11      0.24%     73.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::31                 12      0.26%     73.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32                 11      0.24%     74.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::33                  3      0.07%     74.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::35                  2      0.04%     74.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36                  1      0.02%     74.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::39               1015     22.37%     96.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40                 76      1.68%     98.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::41                 13      0.29%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::42                 42      0.93%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::47                  1      0.02%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::49                  5      0.11%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::50                  5      0.11%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::51                  5      0.11%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52                  1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::53                  1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            4537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                   592300556750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              700300341750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  78454390000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                 29545395000                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       37748.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1882.97                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  44631.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         381.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       50.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       2.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         7.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        14.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                   14676487                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     89750                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  85.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       159349.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      93.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               4.16                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     54426652                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            16743677                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           16743677                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             763441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            763441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             57651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            131342                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           131342                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2383092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1892577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4279541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               35343605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2390550                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     16470928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     18869222                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           143125478                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              143125478                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1225762000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3755500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy         18171181500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4987933108                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        38819144750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    62041                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                51600.507824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1699332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   127423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    13.336148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle             2574803290500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   38204.625202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2677.995545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     3048.557344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     4342.999627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     3326.329216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.582956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.040863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.046517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.066269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.050756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.787361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        56751                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997650                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 17277037                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                17277037                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         9996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             411271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             183421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         9883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         3502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             433200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             187065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1241955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          596489                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               596489                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            55903                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            58636                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               114539                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          9996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          3617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              411271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              239324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          9883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          3502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              433200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              245701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1356494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         9996                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             411271                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             239324                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         9883                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         3502                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             433200                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             245701                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1356494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             4144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             5204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             6442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             5023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                20816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1406                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1477                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2883                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          68791                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          64185                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             132976                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              4144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             73995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              6442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             69208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                153792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             4144                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            73995                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             6442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            69208                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               153792                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    292011000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    389009500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    455480250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    379549000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1516288500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       256489                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       208991                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       465480                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4825847704                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4517645162                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9343492866                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    292011000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5214857204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    455480250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4897194162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     10859781366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    292011000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5214857204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    455480250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4897194162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    10859781366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         9996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         415415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         188625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         9884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         3502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         439642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         192088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1262771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       596489                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           596489                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1420                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1489                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2909                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       124694                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       122821                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           247515                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         9996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          415415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          313319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         9884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         3502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          439642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          314909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1510286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         9996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         415415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         313319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         9884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         3502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         439642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         314909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1510286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.009976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.027589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.026149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990141                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991941                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.991062                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.551679                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.522590                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.537244                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.009976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.236165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.014653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.219771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.101830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.009976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.236165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.219771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.101830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70465.974903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74752.017679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70704.788885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75562.213816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72842.452921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   182.424609                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   141.496953                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   161.456816                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70152.312134                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70384.749739                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70264.505369                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70465.974903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70475.805176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70704.788885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70760.521356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70613.434808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70465.974903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70475.805176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70704.788885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70760.521356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70613.434808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               57651                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    57651                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1406                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1477                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2883                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        68791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        64185                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        132976                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        73995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        69208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           153792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        73995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        69208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          153792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    239540000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    324214500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    373802250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    316907500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1254665500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     14061406                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     14772477                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28833883                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3946484796                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3696331838                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7642816634                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    239540000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4270699296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    373802250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4013239338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8897482134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    239540000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4270699296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    373802250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4013239338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8897482134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    351469750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  82683235750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst       856250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  84002858250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167038420000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   8408462374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   8295509001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16703971375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    351469750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  91091698124                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst       856250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  92298367251                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 183742391375                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990141                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991941                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991062                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.551679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.522590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.236165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.219771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.101830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.236165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.219771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 57804.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62301.018447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 58025.807203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63091.280111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60274.092045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10001.677048                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10001.346861                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57369.202308                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57588.717582                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57475.158179                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 57804.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57716.052382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 58025.807203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57988.084297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57853.998478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 57804.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57716.052382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 58025.807203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57988.084297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57853.998478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    52790847                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2471761                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2471761                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            763441                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           763441                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           596489                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2909                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2909                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           247515                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          247515                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1725013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      5754007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        20046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        50514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7549580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     54750240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     83796742                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        28484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        79520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          138654986                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             138654986                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus          168824                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4808734000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3865148750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4420266392                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          12925000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          30634250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      48160270                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             16715394                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            16715394                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8184                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8184                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        30038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         7946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio          536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2383092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                33447156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        39333                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        15892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio         1072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         2084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2390550                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            126646806                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               126646806                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21111000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              3978000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               536000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               527000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         15532032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374908000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         38823243250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7344844                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6860                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5551128                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     1832                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                        2493                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                699                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    6351                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   137                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      220                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7351704                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5552960                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         12895972                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           8692                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     12904664                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    30211154                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      3603                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                        2493                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                699                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2758                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                30214757                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         30211154                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           3603                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     30214757                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2627736532                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   29624937                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     37728426                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             34074958                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  4583                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1045164                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      3935196                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    34074958                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         4583                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          197582111                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          36713164                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3288                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1298                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13470170                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7667939                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5802231                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2282002616.045546                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              345733915.954454                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.131571                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.868429                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          5074688                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   83029                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           856147                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.849495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           60652706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           856659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            70.801458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      20216402250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   158.742483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   352.107012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.310044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.687709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         62366026                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        62366026                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     29795008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     30857698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       60652706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     29795008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     30857698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        60652706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     29795008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     30857698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       60652706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       416146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       440514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       856660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       416146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       440514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        856660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       416146                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       440514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       856660                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5672028500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6130116250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11802144750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5672028500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6130116250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11802144750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5672028500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6130116250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11802144750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     30211154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     31298212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     61509366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     30211154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     31298212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     61509366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     30211154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     31298212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     61509366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13629.900323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13915.826171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13776.929879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13629.900323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13915.826171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13776.929879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13629.900323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13915.826171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13776.929879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       416146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       440514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       856660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       416146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       440514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       856660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       416146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       440514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       856660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4838197500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5246649750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10084847250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4838197500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5246649750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10084847250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4838197500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5246649750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10084847250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    442799750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      1085250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    443885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    442799750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      1085250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    443885000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11626.202102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11910.290592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11772.286847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11626.202102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11910.290592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11772.286847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11626.202102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11910.290592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11772.286847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           627716                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.875867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           23661613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           628228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            37.664053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        671680250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   152.516115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   359.359751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.297883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.701875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         97787592                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        97787592                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6450546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      6749057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13199603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4919460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      5055668                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       9975128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       118398                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       117802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       236200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       124425                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       123348                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247773                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     11370006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     11804725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        23174731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     11370006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     11804725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       23174731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       182595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       186544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       369139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       126114                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       124310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       250424                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6030                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         5544                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11574                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       308709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       310854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        619563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       308709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       310854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       619563                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2721600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2760360750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5481960750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5821979202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5534732315                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11356711517                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     81055000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     79345250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    160400250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8543579202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8295093065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16838672267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8543579202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8295093065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16838672267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6633141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      6935601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13568742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5045574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5179978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10225552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       124428                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       123346                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       247774                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       124425                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       123348                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247773                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     11678715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     12115579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     23794294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     11678715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     12115579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     23794294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024995                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023998                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048462                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044947                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.046712                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14905.117884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14797.370862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14850.668041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46164.416338                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44523.628952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45349.932582                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13441.956882                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14311.913781                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13858.670295                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27675.186671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26684.852262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27178.305139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27675.186671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26684.852262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27178.305139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       596489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           596489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       182595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       186544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       369139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       126114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       124310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       250424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6030                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5544                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11574                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       308709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       310854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       619563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       308709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       310854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       619563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2355168000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2386207250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4741375250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5543852798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5262622685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10806475483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     68990000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     68208750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137198750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7899020798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7648829935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15547850733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7899020798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7648829935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15547850733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  90318421750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  91762441000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182080862750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13218125626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  13022508499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26240634125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 103536547376                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 104784949499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208321496875                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024995                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023998                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024490                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044947                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046712                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12898.315945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12791.659072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12844.417008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43959.059248                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42334.668852                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43152.714927                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11441.127695                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12303.165584                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11854.047866                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25587.270854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24605.859777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25094.866435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25587.270854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24605.859777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25094.866435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     7655819                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      7243                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5681899                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     1828                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                        2493                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                740                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    6711                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   143                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      232                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 7663062                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5683727                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         13337718                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           9071                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     13346789                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    31298229                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      3696                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                        2493                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                740                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    2898                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                31301925                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         31298229                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           3696                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     31301925                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2631652887                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   30590318                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     38894351                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             35148183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5686                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1095318                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      4014750                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    35148183                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         5686                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          203876321                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          37823170                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                4205                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1482                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     13931138                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    7996929                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   5934209                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2293790821.520695                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              337862065.479305                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.128384                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.871616                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          5235663                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1783080197250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1783080197250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1783080197250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1783080197250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
