
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.139775                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5139775442500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5139775442500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 235748                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   468611                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4967362364                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 954112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1034.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   243931071                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     484875903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      2452480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           439552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5834944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            98048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1717440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           432064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2820032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             13796608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       439552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        98048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       432064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          969664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9118784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9118784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        38320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             91171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              1532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             26835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              6751                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             44063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                215572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          142481                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               142481                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       477157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst               85520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1135253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               19076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              334147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.itb.walker            25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               84063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              548668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2684282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          85520                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          19076                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          84063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             188659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1774160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1774160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1774160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       477157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst              85520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1135253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              19076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             334147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.itb.walker           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              84063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data             548668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4458442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         98736                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        74818                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       98736                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      74818                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  6312704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      6400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4788352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   6319104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                4788352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      100                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            734                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                6153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                6286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                6219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                6279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                6331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                6377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                5798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                6202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                5707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                6391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               5673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               6223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               6101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               6086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               6643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               6167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                4924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                4781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                4796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                4885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                4841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                4959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                4374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                4283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                4855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               4375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               4455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               4488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               4484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               5021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               4566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           4                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    5135962999500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   98736                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  74818                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     76556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      2029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      1291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      2072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      1756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      1697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      1521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      1005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                       21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     3317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     3341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     4472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     3777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     3885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     4534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     4146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     4247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     4212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     4224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                     1287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                     1217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                     1095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                     1013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                     1004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        22863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      371.369637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     216.870030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     366.414967                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127           7224     31.60%     31.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5292     23.15%     54.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2324     10.16%     64.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1423      6.22%     71.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639          882      3.86%     74.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          607      2.65%     77.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          442      1.93%     79.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          389      1.70%     81.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4280     18.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          22863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          4109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        24.004867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      117.614100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            4100     99.78%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::256-511             6      0.15%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::512-767             1      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            4109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          4109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        18.208323                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       17.187975                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        6.583219                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-1                44      1.07%      1.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::2-3                 6      0.15%      1.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-5                 4      0.10%      1.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::6-7                 4      0.10%      1.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-9                 2      0.05%      1.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::14-15               4      0.10%      1.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-17            2755     67.05%     68.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18-19             853     20.76%     89.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-21              55      1.34%     90.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22-23              41      1.00%     91.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-25              36      0.88%     92.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::26-27              45      1.10%     93.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-29              25      0.61%     94.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::30-31              36      0.88%     95.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-33              20      0.49%     95.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::34-35              26      0.63%     96.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-37              28      0.68%     96.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::38-39              10      0.24%     97.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-41              24      0.58%     97.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::42-43              13      0.32%     98.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-45              21      0.51%     98.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::46-47              18      0.44%     99.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-49               6      0.15%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::50-51               4      0.10%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-53              10      0.24%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-57               1      0.02%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::58-59               2      0.05%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-61               1      0.02%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::62-63               4      0.10%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-65               9      0.22%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-69               1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-77               1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            4109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2553947750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                4444375250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    493180000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                  1397247500                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       25892.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14165.70                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  45058.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        1.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      80976                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     55952                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  74.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     29592881.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      78.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               0.12                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.membus.throughput                      6444852                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              422305                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             422303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               6370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              6370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             74818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              747                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             747                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             78043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            78043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq              885                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp             885                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         1770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total         1770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       309432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio       497538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       212160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1019134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        66106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        66106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1087010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         3540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         3540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       158682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio       995073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      8391680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total      9545435                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2715776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2715776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            12264751                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               32837413                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus           287680                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           162853500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           315156500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1770000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy           821391499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                2500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy             885000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1625485201                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer4.occupancy          213559749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   104632                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64756.494280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    3664896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   168700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    21.724339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   51511.220399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.131167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1228.361726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     4265.224240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      282.161159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     1465.784470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker    10.322385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.itb.walker     0.042344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1365.490726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     4627.755664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.785999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.018743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.065082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.004305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.022366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.020836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.070614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.988106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        64068                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2732                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        53790                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977600                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 33688290                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                33688290                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        22061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        11615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             344470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             519863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        10165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             139799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             221175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        54188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        10719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             354261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             566062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2259621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::total                     2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1545523                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              1545523                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             137                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              46                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              93                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 276                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            73996                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            34699                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            57996                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               166691                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         22061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         11617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              344470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              593859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         10165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          5243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              139799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              255874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         54188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         10719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              354261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              624058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2426314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        22061                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        11617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             344470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             593859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        10165                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             139799                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             255874                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        54188                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        10719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             354261                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             624058                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2426314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data            16704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             1533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             3888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             6752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data            12246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                48023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           754                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           206                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           371                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              1331                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          74862                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          23137                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          32148                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             130147                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             91566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              1533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             27025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              6752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             44394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                178170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            91566                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             1533                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            27025                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             6752                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            44394                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               178170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    112485250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    293047996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker       149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    524939486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    946518491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1879244223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2976906                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4826300                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      7803206                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1584451415                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2283457099                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3867908514                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    112485250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1877499411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker       149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    524939486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3229975590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      5747152737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    112485250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1877499411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker       149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    524939486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3229975590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     5747152737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        22061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        11619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         351338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         536567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        10165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         141332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         225063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        54214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        10721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         361013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         578308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2307644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::total                 2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1545523                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          1545523                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          891                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          252                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          464                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1607                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       148858                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        57836                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        90144                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           296838                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        22061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        11621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          351338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          685425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        10165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          141332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          282899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        54214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        10721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          361013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          668452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2604484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        22061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        11621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         351338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         685425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        10165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         141332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         282899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        54214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        10721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         361013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         668452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2604484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.019548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.031131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.017275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.018703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.021176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.020810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.846240                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.817460                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.799569                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.828251                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.502909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.400045                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.356629                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.438445                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.019548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.133590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.095529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.018703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.066413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.068409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.019548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.133590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.095529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.018703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.066413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.068409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73375.896934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75372.426955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 80923.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        74500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77745.776955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77292.053813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39132.170481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        14451                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13008.894879                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5862.664162                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68481.281713                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 71029.522801                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29719.536478                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73375.896934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69472.688659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 80923.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77745.776955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 72757.030004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32256.568092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73375.896934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69472.688659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 80923.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77745.776955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 72757.030004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32256.568092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               95814                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    95814                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         6751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          206                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          371                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        23137                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        32148                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         55285                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        27025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         6751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        44394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            79731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        27025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         6751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        44394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           79731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     93050250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    244480004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      1780500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker       125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    440173014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    793487001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1573095769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2610195                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3849868                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6460063                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1288379085                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1870619355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3158998440                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     93050250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1532859089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      1780500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker       125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    440173014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2664106356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4732094209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     93050250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1532859089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      1780500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker       125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    440173014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2664106356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4732094209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28007446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  30457930500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  58465376500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    376483500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    742130500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1118614000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28383929500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  31200061000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  59583990500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.018700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.021176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.817460                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.799569                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359054                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.400045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.356629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.186246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.095529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.018700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.066413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.030613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.095529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.018700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.066413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60698.140900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62880.659465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 68480.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 65201.157458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 64795.606810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64349.822834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12670.849515                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10377.002695                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11195.949740                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55684.794269                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 58187.736562                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57140.244913                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60698.140900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56720.040296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 68480.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 65201.157458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60010.504933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59350.744491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60698.140900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56720.040296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 68480.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 65201.157458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60010.504933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59350.744491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                47572                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.107425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                47588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         5000219024509                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.107425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.006714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.006714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               428643                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              428643                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             47627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47627                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            47627                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    128792785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    128792785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5668191006                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5668191006                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5796983791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5796983791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5796983791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5796983791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           47627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          47627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 141998.660419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141998.660419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 121322.581464                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121322.581464                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 121716.332983                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121716.332983                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 121716.332983                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121716.332983                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         88529                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7334                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.071039                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        22928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     90079785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90079785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4474936508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4474936508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4565016293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4565016293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4565016293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4565016293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.820287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.820287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.490753                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.490753                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.497029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.497029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 121074.979839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121074.979839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 195173.434578                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195173.434578                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 192844.554453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192844.554453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 192844.554453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192844.554453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    52329028                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1794981                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1794440                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              6370                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             6370                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           902417                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             716                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            716                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           170908                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          147982                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1004724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3613728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side        35279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       136436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               4790167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     32150080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    119808027                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       127712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       515032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          152600851                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             268845429                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus          114024                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5038805323                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           931500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2262930320                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4696428413                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          19332464                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          72173756                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                       1276348                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq               149977                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp              149977                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               28411                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              28411                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               885                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              885                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         5752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       287032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist.pio           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        13448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         2064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       309432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        47344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        47344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         1770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  358546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           18                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         3245                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          291                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           25                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio            9                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       143516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist.pio           43                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio         6724                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         4128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       158682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1503808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      1503808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         3540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              1666030                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 6560144                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2116890                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                28000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              4753000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                 1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy               383000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                42000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy            143517000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy              264000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy               86000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy            10048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy           209101042                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           303949000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            28759251                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              885000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1144797664                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   72999922                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    148305710                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            136279674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1016299                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     14345558                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   136279674                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          250792350                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         116890419                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            84577193                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           56435831                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     14370687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10454117                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3916570                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1087719763.352511                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              57077900.647489                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.049859                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.950141                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         15728655                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           853193                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.838528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          129757026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           853705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           151.992815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     147468978000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   295.878537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   138.959383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    76.000608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.577888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.271405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.148439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        131484548                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       131484548                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     88843413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     38144708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2768905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      129757026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     88843413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     38144708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2768905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       129757026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     88843413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     38144708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2768905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      129757026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       351339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       141332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       381133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       873804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       351339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       141332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       381133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        873804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       351339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       141332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       381133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       873804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1941508750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5443063468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7384572218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1941508750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5443063468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7384572218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1941508750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5443063468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7384572218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     89194752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     38286040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      3150038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    130630830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     89194752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     38286040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      3150038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    130630830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     89194752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     38286040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      3150038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    130630830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.120993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.120993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.120993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13737.219809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14281.270496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8451.062501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13737.219809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14281.270496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8451.062501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13737.219809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14281.270496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8451.062501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4847                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.235000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        20086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        20086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        20086                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20086                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       141332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       361047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       502379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       141332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       361047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       502379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       141332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       361047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       502379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1658307250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4510414171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6168721421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1658307250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4510414171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6168721421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1658307250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4510414171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6168721421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.114617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.114617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.114617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11733.416707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12492.595621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12279.019268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11733.416707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12492.595621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12279.019268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11733.416707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12492.595621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12279.019268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1636224                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           19637131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1636736                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            11.997739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          7549500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   276.200499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   230.134495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     5.664329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.539454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.449481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.011063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          259                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         88232962                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        88232962                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5302290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2343807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      3905907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       11552004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3762855                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1548346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2772193                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8083394                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      9065145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3892153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      6678100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        19635398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      9065145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3892153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      6678100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       19635398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       536567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       225063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       936224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1697854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       149749                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        58088                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       107958                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       315795                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       686316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       283151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1044182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2013649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       686316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       283151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1044182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2013649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3188254504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  14965969569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18154224073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2125358780                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3377412183                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5502770963                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5313613284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18343381752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23656995036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5313613284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18343381752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23656995036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5838857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2568870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4842131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13249858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3912604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1606434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2880151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8399189                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      9751461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4175304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      7722282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21649047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      9751461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4175304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      7722282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21649047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.087612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.193350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.128141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038273                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.037483                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037598                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.070381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.067816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.135217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.070381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.067816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.135217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14166.053523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15985.458148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10692.452987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36588.603154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31284.501223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17425.136443                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18766.005714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17567.226549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11748.321101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18766.005714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17567.226549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11748.321101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       168342                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            11795                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.272319                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1545523                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1545523                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       357871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       357871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        17395                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        17395                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       375266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       375266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       375266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       375266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       225063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       578353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       803416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        58088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        90563                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       148651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       283151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       668916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       952067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       283151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       668916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       952067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2737161496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8309689554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11046851050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1998659220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2996226317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4994885537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4735820716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11305915871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16041736587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4735820716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11305915871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16041736587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  30467694000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  33225580500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  63693274500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    404660000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    790542000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1195202000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  30872354000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  34016122500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  64888476500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.087612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.119442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036160                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031444                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017698                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.067816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.086622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.067816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.086622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12161.756913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14367.850697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13749.851945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34407.437336                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 33084.441958                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33601.425735                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16725.424653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16901.846975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16849.377814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16725.424653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16901.846975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16849.377814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2608015730                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   34716890                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     67541836                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             62669042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     430919                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      6413966                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    62669042                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          115548964                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          54160900                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            35562537                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           26614034                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4364452                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2756893                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1607559                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2483429860.768801                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              124585869.231199                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.047770                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.952230                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          7003911                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               28782114                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted         28782114                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           316524                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups            26348266                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits               25752004                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.736997                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 537542                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             63717                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                       155552038                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9686701                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     141772190                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   28782114                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          26289546                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     54340809                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                1470890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     70055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles              24627328                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                4722                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             7901                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        23768                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          376                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  3150040                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               144648                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2015                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          89899907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.110146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.408280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                35694732     39.70%     39.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  594255      0.66%     40.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                23712499     26.38%     66.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  314699      0.35%     67.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  599600      0.67%     67.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  812421      0.90%     68.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  338881      0.38%     69.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  517837      0.58%     69.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                27314983     30.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            89899907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.185032                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.911413                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                11154829                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             23540580                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 30801007                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              1287318                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               1141583                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             278785410                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                   11                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               1141583                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                12143079                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               13933433                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       4524497                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 30930733                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              5252059                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             277791777                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                 7238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               2464468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents              2117220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          331976691                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            604531856                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       371338716                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups               38                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            321781805                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                10194886                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            148461                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        149473                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 11392573                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             6171654                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3395563                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           345995                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          292325                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 276091246                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             414813                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                274477250                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            60541                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7173454                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11041443                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         56132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     89899907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        3.053143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.400877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26563563     29.55%     29.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6130901      6.82%     36.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3934206      4.38%     40.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2710119      3.01%     43.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           25036419     27.85%     71.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1342117      1.49%     73.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           23840310     26.52%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             288717      0.32%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              53555      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       89899907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 122290     33.50%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   245      0.07%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                189949     52.03%     85.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                52573     14.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            80536      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            264658650     96.42%     96.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               54855      0.02%     96.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                48402      0.02%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             6455691      2.35%     98.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3179116      1.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             274477250                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.764537                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     365057                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001330                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         639321511                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        283683445                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    273115126                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 61                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                70                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses             274761742                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          634301                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1002623                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         6718                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4440                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       510444                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       656391                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        10280                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               1141583                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                9227965                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               815382                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          276506059                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            71664                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6171654                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3395563                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            234992                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                633068                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3849                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          4440                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        176570                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       182317                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              358887                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            273973436                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6342946                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           503814                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     9455734                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                27867681                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3112788                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.761298                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     273823666                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    273115144                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                212986974                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                348231532                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.755780                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.611625                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7474898                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         358681                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           318992                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     88758324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     3.031021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.870805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     31301057     35.27%     35.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4393147      4.95%     40.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1229186      1.38%     41.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     24655081     27.78%     69.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       868070      0.98%     70.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       585819      0.66%     71.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       347474      0.39%     71.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23302544     26.25%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2075946      2.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     88758324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts           136214259                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             269028357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       8054150                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      5169031                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                     165004                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                  27530478                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                245624895                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              430032                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              2075946                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   363157720                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  554152180                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         477715                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                       65652131                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  4906975665                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  136214259                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    269028357                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total            136214259                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.141966                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.141966                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.875683                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.875683                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               364409735                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes              218808578                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    73042                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   73024                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                139320542                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes               107246688                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               88724841                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                132896                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
